get her get
her die die get are ins
spider you hear that Draco we have a
couple of spiders in our place that we
got to kill I don't want to see them
here cuz they scare me hey spiders why
are you chilling in
here you're not going to scare me
because I'm not going to be surprised
when I kill you oh spider spiders come
pick up your
furniture SM yeah where are you hiding
we're spiders we don't pick up Furniture
we live in Furniture I feel like we can
like maybe hear their footsteps or
something we got to listen we got to
listen Okay let me stand up here do you
hear anything wait funny what over here
this will get them out what is this a
this intense a
moloto yeah now we just got to find them
hey I heard you guys were allergic to
the
fire oh yeah how did you know Jacko come
on come out come out spider said this
spider to the fly wait I hear something
in this room wait hold up hold up under
this
plate o I think someone just did you
scar hey hey hey stop that my there's a
Tas spray their webs
ooh where are where is from I think
start inting budy right here get it
toasted I was spinning my SPID webs
everywhere to catch you so we could have
dinner but I guess didn't work oh you
couldn't even Escape hey other spides
are friends this is what's going to
happen to you you better be scared watch
where you're shooting them my other two
spider friends will have you for dinner
I'm already we're literally your size
Draco I think we should check that Pine
just fell over traffic cone the traffic
cone fell nobody damage the warehouse
we're taking it out of our pay
well dude I saw a spider over there hey
got to be strategic hey you little
spooky
dookie where are you spider I think it's
lunar let's check the
plates anything here nope lunar stay
still they're dumb humans hey I think
she might be on these don't break the
stuff F oh sorry sorry I
forgot lunar you in
here come here lunar listen listen I
hear her little nastiness she's L didn't
are you joking not going to catch her
you got to find her that's
it Luna get out of here here
boring you got her she's walking I'm On
Fire Can't escap me I got my eyes on you
get her get her die
die oh my gosh he's crazy you're
destroying the whole place
ja where'd she go I can't jump over
Ledges she she's literally back there
bro she's oh lunar is the most annoying
spider no this whole place is on fire
and we didn't kill her get her run get
her run get her run lunar you little
baby honey we're going to get fired
we're so fired after this oh no wow you
guys are having so much fun right
there die die I'm right here you guys
are having look like you're having so
much I'm going to jump on I'm going to
bite you I'm going to bite you get my
can't get you think you can you think
you can just
fire get her rainbow she's under the
beach
chair are you joking you guys are so
Ling Dar
spider toxic that that was pretty sick
Bro oh you think it's easy let's show
them how to be a real spider guys follow
me let's go where um right here right
here
the C it looks like we are officially
now the good job hey hey hey what L come
on
follow how do I get in wor there's a gun
we hide this we are spider
exterminators spider exterminator Draco
where you at bro oh we got to go up here
funny what rainbow let's
not yeah I'm not anything I just want to
offer a peace offering to the spider I
don't want to hurt them get in
there listen up if they come in here we
scream and we run got it we got to hide
under here them okay rainbow hold up
there's traps here just let me inspect
it first just shoot just
shoot hey the fers keep pooping just
keep pooping an offering for you guys we
don't care if you literally can't find
us you should be
embarrassed your okay okay hold up let
me just keep keep going keep going get
through all this mck because we're going
to ruin this
Place wait they're they're trashing
something I can hear it are they here
but I can't get rainbow stop you let's
this place they're like those Sims ands
when you lock them in and they don't
know how to get
out
boes ah I see him oh you guys are so
dumb where are they we're literally
making a mess in here oh she's there
she's there I think I know where they
are welcome to our dead disgusting in
here wo wo wo wo wo wo wo wo woah woah
chill chill chill hey little guy don't
worry we're just here to exterminate you
cuz you're causing a new in this
business go through all the I live this
place fire are they hiding hey I'm out
of here I'm out guys leave leave guys
they're done they're done leave leave we
have to leave we have to leave the ho to
the hole I left we left I don't think
they left they're still here gold
they're still
here what the
okay you are annoying let's play it get
out whatever you are Snoopy spiders
they're losing so much
money H H what's this a fried chicken on
the floor
huh let me just I see them they're
running get it
no you got it no so funny that's what
she gets she killed me she killed me for
trolling me oh
she's roasting you a little okay that's
Overkill girl that is overkill Draco run
where's lunar lunar hide I'm staying up
here they can't reach me up here they
have no balance stay there Draco Draco
stay in Cafe rainbow look outside
draco's making a
mess I'm trying to see where you guys
are we left that dump yeah we left stay
safe stay
tros where are you try to get up here
but you
can't ah she can
jump rainbow rainbow turn around Draco
is is frowning upside down gosh you guys
are so upside down I can't see
anything oh she's missing
that embarrassing so sad hey bad
exterminator follow the pros you got a
hold
show me see that I never knew it was so
hard to destroy spiders you know what's
the scariest thing spiders in a washroom
it's true good
idea and a wash Boop sorry I never knew
it would be such a nightmare to
exterminate spiders guys up here me here
here
here let's make them trash this place so
they can pay a lot of money that's a
really good idea right okay where should
we hide I'm going hide under here I love
I love oh oh I'll break that
spider I love being a toilet
roll yeah you know Honey's most favorite
thing toilet
paper oh I next to her they're never
going to
hello actually I'm kind of scared of
gold gold really yeah last time she
killed me and then she threw fire at me
she was messed up okay I feel like lunar
they're in here but I have to not
destroy anything so I'm just going to
hold really really oh look up here
goes oh my gosh Draco as a spider is so
annoying he would be a very annoying
spider okay let me just up wo wo wo wo
wo wo are you going to take a photo of
me I mean this is a good hiding spot is
the spiders they're so bad ja good J
hello jao spat on her like 10 times
already where are you you annoying p
rainbow I think we should ditch this
actually no we should
stay oh my gosh oh my gosh my go oh my
gosh oh my gosh
my he
our run I can't you're lighting down the
whole
store got to goodness we got we've been
made I hope you found that spider lunar
you toast rainbow you missed killed one
wi come
back you us family I hate you where are
you where are you spitting
from they call me spider funny one of
the most Flex spiders in the world you
know why because I can sneak across the
entire
Warehouse literally you know Graff
feeding your spider everywhere and it's
not even art okay at least aop make some
spider art hey gold knock knock who's
there you annoy go forward you
dummy okay oh my gosh girl like
literally out of the room you'll see me
cuz I spat webs everywhere if you ever
make it there's only a minute left like
this
way this way I said it she's she's
toasted hi girl I said this way where
are you hey you Noob hey Noob oh you're
looking at me on the camera aren't you
this where take that Draco they're
pretty bad Draco let's go scare her bad
honestly there's nothing to lose let's
go Luna's just buying Molotov to try to
kill us he was fired watch this he
destroyed too
much you better not scare me I got a
gun get back here they right in front of
you look she's not even able to get over
here trying to shoot them but my aim
isn't that great yet back here you pass
how do you shoot a spider anyway you
can't that's the best part no get St
here
oop oh my oh yeah gold watch this take
this bit L I will burn this whole place
just secur
you no Golds under your feet look under
you are
you you annoying spider lunar you ready
to hunt some more spiders hunt ooh I
didn't get pay for that I'm an expert
all right lunar let's go him out of this
mat look this shows how strong we are at
blacking you see that spiders you scared
boom no you better not destroy your
house oh wait hold up our budget is $485
lunar it means we can't break that much
stuff yeah are you going to destroy your
entire house just to C this isn't our
house it's someone's house that they
fired us to exterminate you Luna I think
they're down here they left a trail I
leave this house if I were you I had
Taun hey guys um spiders do you want tea
uh yes you like some tea and biscuit not
like they're here lunar L lunar stop I
know you're the one that always gets
fired as the person you got to sh Wait
what is that I don't hear anything
R your feet blow your feet I saw
disapp what the some people call me the
spooky haunted spider oh great this
place is haunted by spiders my legs
crawl up your back it's just me ghost
spider and sometimes I come out and I
Bight you hey you want hairspray
what you want
hairspray rning here you don't like
Hairspray gold gold I hate hairspray it
makes me
itchy come on lunar we're good we're
doing good we're doing good come is
ruthless she's like literally just
burning the whole house L pick up some
stuff let's go I'm pretty sure they
didn't pay you to burn down the house
Lun gun gun I'm in a really protected
spot they can't is someone cooking
something in
here o lunar our budget's going pretty
low ooh I hear something gross in here
you leave this place it is haunted you
will be cursed with a thousand spider
bites yeah we don't really care about
that there're somewhere in the
bookshelf the a th spider Vibes fuing
her there oh they're up there oh nice
he's dead good job good job good job now
there was SP lunar I think there's
someone haunting
the sorry they call me Ace
exterminator I think it's dead good job
expert funny spider
Hunter come on guys let's make this a
little more challenging finally I'm an
ex
hey hey come here come here let's make
them ruin stuff so they could get fired
all the way no chill come on come on
follow in here in a follow
follow this is overkill if they use this
on us no no not here not here let's go
gold where are you I think they went to
the left gold I'm scared spiders guys
guys guys guys guys do not rainbow I
heard that you want to deal right if you
give me a cool spider home I will show
you to my sibling spiders hey hey I
swear I bought you
flowers them no rainb why you accept my
flowers guys run we'll save you we'll
save you gold come on get your butt
here gold gold run run from her running
I a gunun Let's help her let's help her
help me Lun come on we we have to build
some webs come on come on make it diff
come on go go go go go you guys let's go
back upstairs super spiders guys
upstairs come on what I'm going go
around rainbow come on come on we got to
go we got to go I got to S this jump uh
you guys think these webs will stop me
come on gold I I can't
climb I was never bet trained take that
come on where gold they're going gold
they're going to kill
us good job Draco can't miss with this
you shot her with
the lunar I'm scared I hear
spiders under there
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh uh-oh I kind of damaged the house
oops where' they go Sheed me lunar we
have to split we have to split just stay
there they won't know oh my gosh they're
not very smart they're just burning down
the house there's something in
here little spider don't make a noise
what little spider where are you going
money I see something behind that safe
no no
ja
tle ah it beautiful it's not worth it
they're good they're getting better
lunar
L don't go out I think she's on second
floor lunar Just Vibe Just Vibe there I
will VI there L she's somewhere on the
second floor I can hear her I found
chocolate cake hey have you guys heard
the story of lunar the wicked spider she
haunts the Hall of this Mansion lurking
creeping leaving signs of webs and then
one day the owner of this place wanted a
smoothie and lunar spider
attack lunar mess up the kitchen mess
with the kitchen let's go she's in the
kitchen you dummies desty everything Lun
destroy everything let's go lunar I'm a
strong spider Lun L they're running
they're running LUN h l hide lunar hide
hide hide I have a cake for you hide
lunar just destroy the house rainbow you
will burn here I don't know where you
are lunar spider yeah H off for lunar
spider over here suckers can't
see oh gosh gold you're not a good
exterminator are you I'm not you know
why because I'm kind of scared of them
he hey exterminator
where fny you're not supposed to Break
Stuff gold he's taunting me what Z look
you don't see me no I literally can't
yeah BL us back and says Draco is going
to perish you see that gold I'm going to
go find weapons and he's done you know
I'll you you lead and I will follow to
learn okay okay gold you get a
flamethrower or something okay hey you
guys messed with the wrong team spider
she's named the funny exterminator and I
am call me funny Ace just exterminator
okay scar they call me you guys I don't
think they're going to get us being a
spider is too easy let's have a tea
party no I don't want to I just love
camomile tea you love
camomile I do love well I love weapons
feeling toasted with your tea party
aren't
you my web gold I'm losing the budget
Who's down here fny did you burn down
the table yeah I I feel like they're
here but I can't really gold I can't
hear
anything there's an annoying spider
somewhere a is too good get toasted Jaco
nice that's what you get Draco Draco
Draco the cocky spider the spider that
thought he was better than everyone and
now he ate dust here gold you got to
find yourself a weapon who is that no I
really need
one wait there's a pot Brewing right
sharo yeah she's a sharpo she
actually what the
heck no
way freaking out buddy wait up I found a
gun I'm going to shoot they're freaking
out they're freaking
out gold I think they're in the kitchen
again they're always in the kitchen okay
hey that Cake's
mine come out here C mine
rainbow
my oh rainbow so easy and then there was
one one the annoying lunar spider the
house spider ain't moving
anymore come on give you give us a hint
l no
way I'm too good about this right you
are a great exterminator I didn't even
have to touch a finger okay spiders
final round
SP show me the best hiding spots spider
siblings everyone wo wo let's not let
them get this let's hide this everyone
we got to hide this here look find
something really cool in the corner in
the corner wait are you sure yeah just
hide it just hide it
tiny just poop just poop yeah you okay
go go go go go go I think we poop the
wrong way go go go go go okay okay go
come on come on come on the wrong way
ooh Sharpshooter tool but rainbow come
on come on oh we made a mess over there
we it did a sniper guys this is a great
spot
jle why would you say what we're hiding
in bro keep an eye out for the they
don't even pay attention are you sure
true yes web lots of web okay I don't
think you need to annate every time you
see a web oh lots of webs here lots guys
they're boring let's over
over okay let's make more we did you
just say oh you guys they're kind of bad
exterminators they just follow the web
so just shoot it the opposite way make a
circle around them look at them oh my
gosh they're so
stupid they just
shot
Lun okay R run run run run they're
burning they're burning go go go we're
losing our points they're so where those
stupid
spiders stop moving you can't hear where
I
am I saw them jumping over
here where are
you friends help I am
[Music]
surrounded you guys this exterminator
needs glasses they can I think she those
glasses I feel kind of bad for her she
can't even look
up you guys you guys you guys you guys
just let me have this okay okay and you
can shoot me you can no yo yo your your
friend is cheating that is not fair
lunar lunar lunar I just no let her have
it lunar you have to there needs to be
truth hey hey wait give me a second all
right hey no fight no no no tricks no
tricks all right rain rainbow go where
are you I'm literally right here he's
literally get you no okay okay okay
ready one two go no go are you kidding
me right
now yes um you still lost anyway go just
stay there you made a
messing they'll never look up
Draco you guys worst
exterminators poop SPID away I did look
up wow if you guys enjoyed kill it with
fire too make sure to leave a like if
you love spiders especially crew spiders
spiders I do not love spiders yeah I
don't
[Music]